Restrict shapely dependency to <=2 (#130)
SunPower/pvfactors: docs/sphinx/whatsnew/v1.5.2.rst

v1.5.2 (DATE XX, 2021)
======================

Requirements
------------

* Add python 3.9 to test configuration (:ghpull:`122`)

> * Set the upper bound on shapely to version 1.7.1 (released Aug 20, 2020)
>   to suppress deprecation warnings.  The shapely dependency may be dropped

Author: ```suggestion
* Set the upper bound on shapely to version 2.0 (not yet released).
  The shapely dependency may be dropped
```
